hey everyone Reggie makeup here and
today I'm gonna be talking to you about
my brand new luxury for princess hair
extensions I just got these and I'll be
doing another review update in about two
to three months just so you guys can see
how they've held up in the next few
upcoming months so when you go to luxury
for princess calm which I will link
below the page is in Dutch I think and I
translated the page English clicking on
the English tab in the upper right hand
corner this is the princess super deluxe
set it's 220 grams and 22 inches long so
comes to right here on me
these were 198 dollars and this is the I
thought was the heaviest set of hair you
could get but I just went back to the
website and now there's a two hundred
and sixty grand set I don't know if they
had that whenever I ordered them but I
was just set on getting these because
I've had 220 grams before so we have
$198 and then it was about thirty
dollars shipping from the Netherlands to
the United States um they were really
quick about shipping I ordered them
early early in the morning on January
28th and then they were also shipped
later on that day and I received them on
February 6th so it was pretty quick
shipping I really wasn't expecting to be
that fast um so this is the color
darkest brown they had a lot of colors
to choose from so I don't do a lot of
research and a lot of figure out what
color would match my hair the best but I
ended up just dyeing my hair anyways to
match the extensions so the set comes
with ten tracks of hair it comes with
two fours two threes
two twos and four ones right now I only
have seven in um it was just really hot
today I just didn't want all of it on my
hair plus I was there all of it in my
head and I was kind of in a rush this
morning so right now I have one three
two fours and all of the one clip ones
in my hair so I have one of them right
here and so this is what it looks like
as you can see the quality stays
same going top to bottom which is really
important because you don't want your
hair to look so stringy at the bottom
and everything so here are the clip ease
and they are super sturdy I mean they're
not going anywhere I don't have to tease
my hair to put the clips in or anything
which is great because you know a lot of
teasing can damage your hair this is the
first time that I have purchased clip in
hair extensions I have had extensions
sewn in my hair probably four to five
times maybe maybe six I've had sewn in
hair extensions a lot I was introduced
to that when I was in cosmetology school
and I just I fell in love with
extensions because my hair does not grow
very fast at all
so um having stone and hair extensions
is super high maintenance you have to
sleep in a sleeping cap and it's ugly
and you have to have a shower cap and
it's just a lot of maintenance and it's
just it's it's just too much so I
decided I was gonna try a clip in hair
extensions and the reason I chose luxury
for princess over a lot of other brands
is because of I did a lot of research
and it seemed like luxury for princess
had the least negative reviews this
company seemed to have lesser negative
comments than other companies and so
spending 230 dollars I really was sure
to have a thorough investigation of all
the other companies so being how the
company is based in Netherlands um I did
have to sign to receive a package so
just be aware that if you are ordering
from a Leslie for princess that you are
gonna have to sign to receive the
package and it came in a pretty little
pink package like that and when I opened
it this is what the hair was in it was
in this pocket right here and then right
here and how to test your pocket and I
open it up and had one of the ones in it
and so that was so I could test it to
make sure it was a color I ordered and
the quality hair that I wanted it to be
because once you open up here that
little sticker says warranty void if
removed so you couldn't write code and
return it after that um which i think is
really nice did they give you a little
tester pocket because you can't return
them so yeah
that's pretty much it for this video if
you're looking for really high quality
nice hair I honestly suggest ordering
luxury for princess hair extensions you
get what you pay for and this is
definitely so far worth they're two
hundred and thirty dollars that I paid
for it like I said I'll be doing another
of you in about two to three months so
that you guys can see how the hair is
held up because that's super important
because spending this kind of money on
it you want to make sure that's worth
your while so yeah guys if you like this
video please subscribe um you can find
me on Instagram and Twitter that's all
linked below as always so hope you guys
have a good day bye